---
layout: single
title:  "F-260 Reading Plan: Day 17"
author: Brandon McCraw
date:   2018-01-18 12:38:43 -0600
categories: posts faith f260
---

# Memory Verse
> We do not dare to classify or compare ourselves with some who commend themselves. When they measure themselves by themselves and compare themselves with themselves, they are not wise. **2 Corinthians 10:12 (NIV)**

> Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth.  **1 John 3:18 (NIV)**

# Reading
* Genesis 29
* Genesis 30:1-24

## H.E.A.R.

### Highlight
_When morning came, there was Leah! So Jacob said to Laban, “What is this you have done to me? I served you for Rachel, didn’t I? Why have you deceived me?”_ **Genesis 29:25**

### Explain
This recounts the story of Jacob being deceived by his uncle and receiving both his cousins as wives.  They subsequently feuded with each other over who was loved more by competing on who could give birth to more sons even if it meant giving servants to their husband for sex; all the while viewing their favor with God as a direct response to the number of sons they conceive.

### Apply
May times in life, I've felt deceived.  Sometimes by man, sometimes by God.  But, one thing I know, is the perceived deception I felt from God was most likely a misinterpretation of God's word on my part.  My lack of direct biblical knowledge really stifles me from understanding both God's will and separating it from the deceptions of Satan.

### Respond
Lord, help me store your word in my heart so I may not be deceived.
